[gasps]
[heaves]
Um...
Excuse me, could I ask
what your name is?
Uh, it's Hiroto Shinohara.
Master Shinohara?
I beg your pardon
for my lapse in decorum,
I imagine I appeared
quite foolish hiding as I did.
Please, forgive me.
[HIROTO]
Silky white hair!
Small face! Big eyes! Oh, man!
Even her voice is adorable!
Um, why exactly did you hide,
Miss?
No need to be so formal.
It's simply
that I wasn't informed
you would be male,
Master Shinohara.
But still,
the fact is immaterial
to my responsibilities.
I'm Shirayuki Himeji,
a student enrolled in
District Three's Ouka Academy
on request of District Four's
Headmistress Ichinose.
I will be serving
in the capacity
of your live-in assistant,
starting from today.
Come again?
♪
[SHIRAYUKI]
Some tea.
[HIROTO]
What did you mean by "live-in"?
I don't believe it to be far
from
the conventional definition.
I will live and sleep here,
aiding you in whatever manner
I'm able, sir.
Sleep here?
I apologize in advance
for any disappointment,
but we will have
separate bedrooms.
Disappointment? That's not
really the issue here.
-Huh?
-Never mind, forget about it.
I just didn't think
that you'd like.
-I don't, not in the least.
-You're giving me mixed signals!
My reservations aren't personal,
I'm merely unaccustomed
to the male presence.
My ire is entirely
for Headmistress Ichinose.
Huh, I don't know what beef
you have with her,
but trust me, I can relate.
[SHIRAYUKI]
Then we have common ground,
as good a sign as any
for the prospect
of peaceful coexistence,
say Master?
[HIROTO] You know,
you can sit down if you want.
[SHIRAYUKI] I'm fine.
Please don't worry about me.
A maid does not sit
in the presence of her betters.
Look, you're making me nervous,
you know?
We're both here at the whims
of the Headmistress.
No need to put me on a pedestal.
[SHIRAYUKI]
Uh, well. If you insist.
I would hate for you to feel
uncomfortable, Master.
You called yourself
an "assistant",
so I'm guessing you're not just
a regular housemaid.
Observant. Tell me, Master,
when was it you last ate?
[HIROTO]
Huh?
Dig in.
No way! Is this all for me?
Yes, perhaps I made
a little more than necessary.
"A little more"
is kind of underselling it.
You're gonna have some too,
right?
[SHIRAYUKI]
I'll wait until after
you're finished, Master.
No, no!
It'll have gone cold by then,
you can help me eat it now.
Very well,
if you wish for me to do so.
Right, I guess I'll dig in.
[chomping]
This is delicious!
Such succulent, divine flavors.
Could this perfect meal
truly have been made
by human hands?
I'm not entirely sure
whether that's flattering
or belittling.
Words fail,
and praise is not enough,
this is everything!
My, how unexpected.
You certainly are effusive
with your feelings,
Master Shinohara.
[HIROTO]
Huh? Yeah, I guess I am.
I'd actually heard
that you were exceedingly adept
at hiding what you felt.
Hm, yeah, but I can swing
to the other extreme
when I let my guard down.
[chomping]
[SHIRAYUKI]
And your guard is down now?
[HIROTO] Yeah. I mean,
it's not like you've given me
any reason to be on edge
or anything.
Oh. I see. Any food aversions
I should know about?
[HIROTO] Nah,
I'll eat just about anything!
Especially if it's this good.
[chuckles]
Alright, we'll start
with a detailed overview.
To prevent unauthorized access,
I'll be displaying
this content offline.
If anyone were to spy on us,
it would spell an end
to all this.
[HIROTO]
She's not wrong.
By using the Red Star
to become a fake Seven Star,
we're basically pulling off
one huge scam.
This isn't morally gray,
it's black as sin
and if it gets out,
I'm done for.
Academy Island. Save for Zero,
each district has one.
Resulting
in a grand total of twenty.
These academies are ranked
and scored on a yearly basis.
In accordance
with their rank placement
each academy is granted
certain privileges.
[HIROTO]
Uh, do the students' Stars
have anything to do with it?
[SHIRAYUKI]
Indeed they do.
Students possessing
five or more Stars
are considered to be advanced.
The more of those
an academy has,
the higher its ranking will be,
and should one have a student
with Seven Stars?
It'll usually rank top.
[HIROTO]
Well, that explains
why the headmistress
was so on-to-con.
[SHIRAYUKI] And this tremendous
systemic value
is also why the Seven Stars
are so thoroughly targeted.
[HIROTO]
That makes sense.
If a Six Star beats me, they can
take my position at the top.
But still,
they're putting their own Stars
on-the-line too, right?
[SHIRAYUKI]
Yes. However,
the reward outweighs the risk
for lower ranks.
So, even a small chance
of winning
is statistically worth
the gamble.
Also, the abilities
of a Seven Star typically help
mitigate the threats posed
to them. Case in point.
These are the game results
over the past year
for The Empress, Saionji.
Sadly, her defensive arsenal
isn't available to you, Master.
[HIROTO]
Huh? Why not?
[SHIRAYUKI]
Because of your score
on the transfer exam.
[groans]
[SHIRAYUKI] A score
so outstandingly pathetic,
it's almost unbearable
to look at.
I fear most schools
would have laughed you out.
[groans]
[SHIRAYUKI]
Pardon my candor.
At any rate, your true rank
is still One Star, Master.
Meaning that, in upcoming games,
you will only be able to use
abilities at a One Star level.
[HIROTO] Those are
the weakest ones, aren't they?
[SHIRAYUKI]
Yes.
You'll essentially be fighting
boss battles
as a level one player.
That doesn't sound good,
but I'm guessing
that's kind of the reason
you were sent here, wasn't it?
[SHIRAYUKI] That is correct.
Now listen carefully.
For the next two years,
we in the Company will do
everything we possibly can
to assist you, Master.
Not only in your games,
but also in your daily life.
As long as you're able to uphold
the act,
and maintain your rank
as Seven Star.
Then we will be complicit
in your lie, Master Shinohara.
[HIROTO]
Sweet salvation!
Oh! Games are all one-one-ones,
though, aren't they?
If someone helps me,
it'll be obvious.
[SHIRAYUKI] Do you see
the game icon in the center?
You've likely received
a substantial number
of game requests by now.
[HIROTO]
What? Forty-two already?
-Scroll down a bit, please.
-Huh?
Right, you can stop there.
We'll choose that one
for your first match,
scheduled tomorrow morning.
Uh, that's really soon.
Which will make an impact.
You received a lot of attention
for beating the Empress
on your first day of school,
Master.
[SHIRAKYUKI]
But at this stage,
there will still be those
second-guessing your strength.
And so,
a further example must be made.
In addition to that, we can use
this game to demonstrate
how our assistance will work.
And you're sure I'm gonna win?
I'm just a One Star, remember?
So how?
[SHIRAYUKI]
That should be obvious by now.
If you wanna win, you cheat.
[HIROTO]
What do you mean by "cheat?"
Hacking, of course.
[HIROTO] And
how're we supposed to do that?
[SHIRAYUKI] Could you put
this earbud in, please?
[HIROTO]
Uh, right now?
[SHIRAYUKI] The Company's
Head of Electronics, Kagaya.
[KAGAYA]
Hey, bro! How's it going?
I'm Kagaya,
the 'big sis' around here.
Nice to meet you.
Uh, sure, good evening.
[KAGAYA]
Nah, that's way too stiff!
Let's try something more snappy,
like, Hiro?
-[sighs]
-[KAGAYA] Alright!
He's cool with it!
[HIROTO] This girl's
in a world of her own.
As you can tell,
Kagaya's social etiquette
is somewhat lacking,
but her skills
more than make up for it.
[SHIRAYUKI] Kagaya
will be able to hack her way
into your opponent's Device.
Manipulating it
to our advantage.
So, it's quite simple.
If you don't draw attention
to the hacking,
victory is just a matter
of keeping up appearances.
[HIROTO]
Just like that?
I mean, I know
I'm not directly involved
but isn't this sort of wrong?
[SHIRAYUKI]
Well, of course it's wrong.
Third parties
interfering with a game
is against the rules.
So is accessing
someone else's Device.
It's an instant-ban offense,
in fact,
but that works to our favor.
The Company would never
botch a task this delicate.
Amazing, if not terrifying.
[ICHINOSE] But do you really
want it to end like that?
Didn't you have a reason
for coming here? A goal?
[HIROTO]
That's right. I do.
[grunts]
I'll do whatever
it takes to win!
I will be the strongest.
[ding]
[KAGAYA]
Way to go, Hiro!
-[giggles]
-[chuckles]
[KAGAYA] When I hack in
and seize control of the game
your victory
is pretty much inevitable.
[grunts]
I-I won. I won!
[SHIRAYUKI]
Was that alright, Mast--
Alright?
That was unbelievable!
You said it'd be easy,
but, man, that was effortless.
Seriously, you're the best!
[SHIRAYUKI]
Then you acknowledge our skills?
I sure do! I've got total faith!
From here on,
I'm counting on you!
Let's make this thing work!
[SHIRAYUKI]
Understood.
And if you don't mind me saying,
your performance was exquisite.
Well done, Master.
Now, it's about time
you headed to campus.
Right.
[TATARA] You mind
if I call you Shinohara?
I'm Fuuka Tatara.
2-A's class president.
I can answer any questions
you have, Shinohara.
Like what's best to eat
in the cafeteria.
I don't think that'll be high
on the priority list, Tatara.
What? Why wouldn't it be?
I'm Yuuki Tsuji. Pleasure.
Yeah.
[HIROTO]
I was a little surprised
when I learned
the class had a tournament
just to decide
who'd get to show me around.
So, are games
actually pushed here
as much as I've heard they are?
[TSUJI] Yeah, it's a thing.
Headmistress' policy.
Eimei has ranked
in the top five academies
for the last few years running,
it's really competitive.
But the students
like the games too.
More importantly, snack shopping
at lunch gets crazy!
So, if you want
any chance of snagging
the popular chocolate cornet.
[SHIRAYUKI]
Please forgive
the untimely interruption,
Master.
We've received a very favorable
game request.
The challenger's name
is Haru Urasaka.
She's a third-year student
from District Eleven.
Man. Looks like
life's about to get real busy
from here on out.
Alright, folks!
The wait is meow over!
Today's highly anticipated event
is about to begin!
But first,
meow about I introduce myself?
Coming straight
meowta Ouka Academy,
repping Libra, I'm your host,
second-year Suzuran Kazami!
[SHIRAYUKI]
Libra's the Island media group
behind the news app LNN.
They also manage
the streaming platform ITube.
And are responsible
for arranging
high-profile game events.
[SUZURAN] First up,
our challenger, Haru Urasaka!
Ranked Three Stars,
her hobbies include road trips
and Visual Kei!
'Sup?
[cheering]
And the one meeting
her challenge
is the blood-soaked overlord
who's rocked Academy Island
like an earthquake.
[HIROTO]
Who's she even talking about?
[SUZURAN] You all know him
as the fastest ever
to reach Seven Stars.
The ruthlessly cunning,
fearlessly outrageous,
proudly arrogant,
Hiroto Shinohara!
So how you feline, Shinohara?
Pumped up and ready?
Pumped up?
I don't see why I should be.
My victory is all
but inevitable.
[chuckles]
He's cool, calm,
and confident, isn't he?
[screams]
[HIROTO] That line
is so coming back to haunt me!
Why do I keep coming off
like an egotistical monster?
[SUZURAN]
And meow,
please welcome
our special guest!
[SARASA] Thank you!
It's a pleasure to be here!
I'm Sarasa Saionji.
[giggles]
That certainly was some amusing,
if not indulgent preamble, huh?
Now who else is ready to see
what these two
are actually capable of?
[cheering]
[SUZURAN]
There you have it!
I, Suzuran Kazami,
and my classmate,
Ouka's ace, Sarasa Saionji,
will be providin' live breakdown
and analysis fur ya!
Okay, Urasaka, go on ahead
and name your game, right meow!
[URASAKA]
Right. The game I choose is.
The "anything goes"
one-hundred-meter race.
Sturm und Drang!
So, from start to finish,
no mode of transportation
is off-limits, huh? Fun.
I'm pretty confident
that you'll never beat me
in a game of pure, raw speed.
Well, that's a coincidence,
'cause I'm pretty confident
you'll never beat me
in a game of anything.
And it looks like the claws
are coming meowt!
[HIROTO]
Man, what am I even saying
at this point?
[URASAKA]
Uh, hey, fair warning.
I don't just ride my bikes,
I like to work on 'em too.
♪
[SUZURAN]
Woah!
She's bringing out
the big guns this time!
No bike like this
has ever been recorded
in Urasaka's battle history!
[SARASA] Definitely
Urasaka's secret weapon.
After all, vehicle performance
is the key to this game.
A performance-boosting ability
alone won't be enough
to take that bike on.
Any sensible player would look
to abilities
that focus on obstruction.
Whatever vehicle Shinohara uses.
[gasps]
[SUZURAN]
Shinohara!
Are you seriously gonna race
a motorcycle on foot?
I know this is
an "anything goes" speed race,
but what are you thinking?
[HIROTO] My heart's gonna
explode for sure!
[SHIRAYUKI] Our data shows
Urasaka's main ability
is "remove speed limit."
The effect of which allows her
to exceed
her vehicle's top speed.
Augmenting this,
is her second ability,
"Acceleration".
Third in sequence
is "Safety Device",
an ability that protects
both user and systems.
[HIROTO]
If this goes as expected,
she won't use
her defensive ability,
so my interference
shouldn't be blocked.
[URASAKA]
It's too late to change 'em now,
so there's no real harm
in telling you.
I'm using the Nullify
Interference ability.
It's a defensive utility
that cancels out
your opponent's attempts
to impede you.
I bet that you picked
obstructive abilities
in all three
of your active slots,
didn't you?
That's really too bad.
They're worthless now.
[gasps]
Let's get this moving,
Speed Girl.
[humph]
Here we go! We've kept you
in suspense long enough!
[SUZURAN]
Meow'all ready for this?
Who will reach
the finish line first?
Don't blink!
It'll be over in an instant!
Three. Two. One.
Boom!
[whoosh]
[gasps]
[whoosh, crashes]
[thud]
[HIROTO]
Seriously, people.
Give me some credit.
You think a Seven Star like me
wouldn't see through that?
[SUZURAN]
What just happened?
For all three of your abilities,
we'll use "Completely Disable".
[HIROTO]
Huh?
[SHIRAYUKI]
It's an assist ability
that temporarily disables
your opponent's defenses.
It's utility
is context specific,
so it rarely gets used,
but it's perfect
against Nullify.
[HIROTO] Okay,
but why use it for all three?
[SHIRAYUKI]
At your true level, Master,
one Level Three obstructive
ability will not be sufficient.
Hence the redundancies.
The aggregation will compensate.
[HIROTO] Yeah,
but what about the rest of it?
Won't I need some abilities
on hand to balance out?
-Oh, wait.
-[SHIRAYUKI] Now you get it.
With the Company on your side,
you don't need to worry
about things
like fair balancing.
As long as our external
interference is unchecked,
we can accomplish whatever
we need through hacking.
So ultimately, Master,
/the only real threat
you were facing
/was Nullify Interference.
The first ability I chose was
Completely Disable, Level Seven.
That made sure that
my second ability, Force Stop,
was entirely unhindered.
But in reality,
it was Kagaya's hacking
that made the bike stop,
after I restored her access.
Oh, and for the last one,
my third choice,
that we also activated
by hacking,
was Safety Device,
that I used on you.
I don't think I could sleep
at night if I got you hurt.
[honking]
[cheering]
[SUZURAN]
The winner is Hiroto Shinohara!
[HIROTO]
I can't believe that worked!
The Company is amazing!
Meow that's a Seven Star for ya!
[chattering]
[footsteps]
While seeing you embarrassed
in public
would bring me nothing but joy,
I'm at least glad
you didn't lose to her.
That honor's mine alone,
you hear?
[HIROTO] Hey, are you trying
to tear off my tie, or my head?
[scoffs]
She's so violent.
[HIROTO]
Hey, Miss Himeji?
[SHIRAYUKI] There's no need
for the "Miss", Master.
[HIROTO] My bad. Could you stop
listening in for a while?
There's something I've gotta do,
and I, uh kinda
wanna keep it private.
I see. Is that an order?
A request. So please.
Very well,
if that's what you want, Master.
[HIROTO]
It is, thank you.
[SHIRAYUKI]
Right, but do you know
I'm quite
the perceptive maid, Master.
If you're to exploit
your popularity to pick up girls
then I trust
you'll exercise discretion.
[HIROTO]
Like I'd even do that!
[SHIRAYUKI]
I'm kidding. Anyway.
I'll disable the monitoring
for now.
Please proceed with caution,
Master.
-[stirring]
-[bell ringing]
You're ridiculously late.
Come on, do you know
how hard this place is
to find for newbies?
It's like a gangster hideout.
[HIROTO] Honestly,
it's a miracle I found it all.
And I came straight away
like you asked, didn't I?
[SARASA] Oh, it's excuse
after excuse with you, isn't it?
Your mouth opens and out pours
an endless stream of nonsense.
[HIROTO] Hey,
you have no business talking!
What happened to that cute,
well-mannered princess I met?
Uh? Cute? Well, I can't afford
to leave the real Sarasa
a less-than-perfect reputation,
right?
[HIROTO]
So, what's all this
"Sarasa-body-double" stuff
about, anyway?
[SARASA]
Alright. I'll tell you.
But this stays between us, okay?
Just like the secret
you told me.
My lips are sealed.
The real Sarasa
was actually kidnapped.
[HIROTO]
Kidnapped?
It was just over a year ago,
shortly before I entered
Ouka Academy.
But whoever kidnapped her
didn't issue any demands.
[SARASA] I was a part
of Sarasa's friend group,
so while her family waited
for leads on the kidnapper,
I was asked to take her place.
[HIROTO] What do you mean
when you say, "Friend group"?
[SARASA] Children of the Saionji
family almost never go outside
until they get into high school.
Teachers and companions
are provided for them.
Naturally,
as a fantastically talented
and sweet girl,
I was chosen.
Better just let that one slide.
Nobody knew
what her real face looked like.
The Saionjis needed someone,
and I was happy to help them.
I don't know
when she'll be returned to us,
but until that day comes,
I have to protect
Sarasa Saionji's
flawless reputation.
I'm gonna need your help
with doing that, though.
Because if words gets out
that I'm a fake,
then what'll become
of the real Sarasa?
The situation
is significantly worse
than I thought.
I can see the bind
that you're in.
[HIROTO] You were able to lie
about who you were
because of the Red Star.
[SARASA] That's right,
and should you lose,
my secret gets out.
Whoever holds the Red Star,
can see the entire record
of lies told with it.
[HIROTO]
So then, if I ever lose,
your lies will be exposed
as well as mine.
[SARASA] If it gets out
that I'm not the true daughter
of the Saionji family,
then Eimei's Headmistress will
have no reason to protect you.
She thinks you beat the Empress,
but I'm just Rina Akabane.
And then, of course.
I'd have to leave the island.
Hm? Why would
you be worried about leaving?
Is staying that important?
[HIROTO]
Yeah, it is.
[SARASA]
Why?
[HIROTO] Well, you see.
There's someone I'm looking for.
A childhood friend of mine
I haven't seen in years,
but I'm sure
she's here on the island.
And so, until I find her,
getting kicked out
is just not an option for me.
[SARASA]
That means...
[HIROTO] My only option
is to maintain the lie
that I'm the strongest there is.
[SARASA]
You know, I hate to admit it,
but as long you continue to win.
[HIROTO] My lie and your lie
will be protected.
Guess we've formed an alliance.
[sighs]
Shall we exchange IDs
so we can stay in contact, then?
[HIROTO] Yeah, I guess.
Wait. My name's top trending?
[SARASA]
What are you talking about?
It's been like that
since you got here.
[HIROTO]
Ew, what's with this guy?
It's all "my goddess"
and "she isn't made for losing"
and stuff.
Are all your fans this zealous?
I attract a whole spectrum
of them,
but when
you're as talented as I am,
some people are bound
to be mesmerized.
I'm calling you out on that one.
Look, it might be best
if we act friendly.
[HIROTO] You're right.
I mean, after all, we're allies.
[door opens]
[gasps]
Good evening, Master,
welcome home.
Sorry to keep you waiting.
Oh?
Ah-ha! So he's alive after all.
[SARASA] Why the heck didn't you
send me a text last night,
you arrogant jerk?
Sorry, my bad.
Busy schedule, you know?
Life of a Seven Star and all.
That's a lie.
I was totally passed out.
Oh, stop showing off.
I just swung by to show you
that you hadn't broken me yet.
Humph!
[laughs]
Who the heck is that?